README: revamp (#3)
llakala/nonprimitive-words: README.md

# What is this?

This is a repo consisting of people's attempts to calculate whether a number is
a **nonprimitive word** as fast as possible.

Each program defines a function that, given any number, returns whether it's a
**non-primitive word**. The function is then typically run for all numbers from
1 to 10 million. However, the goal is to create a generic function - checking a
large set of numbers is just a good way of determining how efficient a function
may be.

# Okay, what's a nonprimitive word?

A nonprimitive word is a sequence of characters that could be constructed by
concatenating some string with itself multiple times. This can intuitively be

> thought of as the initial part of the string repeating over and over.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
thought of as the initial part of the string repeating at least once.
```

Nonprimitive words are a general concept for any set of characters. For example,
`abcabc` is a valid solution. However, this repo only focuses on nontrivial
words made up of the digits 0-9.

Here are some examples of nonprimitive words:

- 111 (1 repeating three times)
- 2323 (23 repeating two times)
- 189189 (189 repeating two times)

> Here are some NON-examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are some counter-examples:
```

- 1 (the substring needs to repeat at least once)
- 189 (again, the substring must repeat again)

> One specific non-example which often trips people up is 1221. This is **not** a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One specific counter-example which often trips people up is 1221. This is **not** a
```

For more, see the [OEIS entry](https://oeis.org/A239019), and the [list of
the first 10,000 elements of the set](https://oeis.org/A239019/b239019.txt).

# How do I share my solution?

If you have some code that solves this, and you'd like to share it, you can:

1. Make a PR
1. Ask for commit access and commit it yourself

If you want to be a committer, just pinky promise that you'll only touch *your*
solution, and won't mess with other people's code. I don't want to make everyone
do PRs, but if people abuse commit access, I'll have to be stricter.

Once you have access, put your code in a folder named after your Github
username. While it's not required, it's encouraged to provide _some_ way to
reproduce your result. We have infrastructure set up which allows you to package
your program through Nix (see other people's code for examples). However, if
you're not feeling nixy today, providing a text file with commands to run is
good enough.

Make sure that your program is actually getting the right results. You can dump
your output to a file with `> output.txt`, and diff it with the output of
someone else's program. You should get 1107 solutions from 1 to 10 million.

> # What are the rules?

Reviewer: Is the language a solution is written in a rule? Do want to optimize for time, or memory? It's kinda implied from the context, but maybe write it out explicitly. You may also wanna add a few tips like the "if length is prime" and "split in half" things, just to give people ideas.

Author: Struggling to parse the first two sentences of this. I do agree that we should clarify time / memory - PRs on adding that are welcome. Not a blocker for merging right now, though.

I think I'm going to avoid adding hints, to let people discover cool solutions by themselves.
